that is the Transformer
I think one of the Transformers is about to come out
here is a schedule
it's one o'clock so it's going to be Megatron
I don't know, I'm scare of Megatron
cause you know, Megatron is mean!
so there you go you can only see three
Optmus Prime, Bumble Bee and Megatron
so that's it
Maybe I'll get in line, Oh he's about to come out!
Megatron has escaped, Megatron has escaped!
does anyone have eyes on NDU 1
he's moving towards the east bay
stop him, do not let him out those doors
he's transforming
[ growl ]
coward Optimus, we meet yet again
stop with all this
humas...
citizens of
prepare yourself for the apocalyptic rein or terror
for your nefarious nightmare has struck upon the fold
I will unleash a burning legion
Decepticon terror
upon all you Autobot supporters
your stalk will be min
I will battle Optimus Prime until he is no more
wretched galaxies and chaotic conquerers
prepare to surrender to your lead
prepare to surrendor to Megatron
[ boo ]
listen up you bubbling boof
where I am standing is my platform
no point of you humans to cross it
even one foot or digit
to cross this white line, I will crush you
vengence you can not comprehend
if you are autobot, you have two options
you may die, or you may die slowly
the choice is yours
Decepticon peep, bring forward my first victim
have you come to join me?
thumbs up, that's all you offer your lord?
you should escape back
you look like a racoon with that streak in your hair
join me
raise your fist, all heil megatron!
hold still
where are you off to?
what sort of present do you offer me woman?
this male is much to feable
you call that a bread?
shave it more, it will grow more
ha ha ha ha ha !!
are you prepared to join my decepticon army child?
yes, he is !
your glorious together!
I'm not kind
Yeah!!
[ woman yells ]
Hey can you hold this I'm recording
It's on record?
yeah it's already record, but you can tap that to take pictures
What do you bring me in the suitcase?
say hi to somebody?
We're making a movie!
Excellent this trooper is 20 seconds away from death
if I don't find out whats in the suitcase!
What's in your bag?
regular stuff, like my clothes and stuff
inspect it
Did you take a picture?
click it
oh yes, you have to pump up the camera do you?
you human soldiers, I wish no more messages
to be given, burn the camera now!
ha ha ha burn the camera
so mean